console docs: change instructional steps to lists (#348)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/console/project-and-stack-management.md

## Managing your Stacks

Every Pulumi program is deployed to a [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}). If you have followed the instructions after creating your project, you can view your newly-created stack in the Pulumi Console unless you have [explicitly opted out]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/state" >}}). The Pulumi Console provides safe locking so that your resource state can never get corrupted by a concurrent update.

### Viewing your organization stacks

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/organization-stacks.png)

To view an organization's stacks:

1. Navigate to **Projects**.
1. Optionally, adjust the grouping by selecting the **Group By** and **Sort By** controls.
1. To view a stacks details select the name of the stack.
1. To view a specific stack update, navigate to **Activity** and select it from the list.

### Stack Detailed View

To view a stack's details:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. Navigate to **Activity**.
1. Review the stack's outputs, configuration values, and tags.

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/stack-outputs-and-configuration.png)

> You can see other details such as who applied the update and when, as well as counts of added, updated, and unchanged resources. If your stack is integrated with your workflow, such as [GitHub Actions]({{< relref "/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/github-actions" >}}), you also see useful links to data like your Git commit hash, mapped branch, and pull request ID.

Reviewer: Maybe CICD pipeline instead of workflow?

## Creating a New Project

1. Navigate to **Projects**.
1. Use the **Create project** button.
1. Select a cloud and a language and use the **Next** button.
1. Optionally, change your project name and project description.
1. Use the **Create project** button.
1. Follow the provided CLI command instructions.

## Managing your Stacks

Every Pulumi program is deployed to a [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}). If you have followed the instructions after creating your project, you can view your newly-created stack in the Pulumi Console unless you have [explicitly opted out]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/state" >}}). The Pulumi Console provides safe locking so that your resource state can never get corrupted by a concurrent update.

### Viewing your organization stacks

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/organization-stacks.png)

> 1. Navigate to **Projects**.

Author: ```suggestion
To view and organization's stacks:

1. Navigate to **Projects**.
```

1. Optionally, adjust the grouping using the **Group By** and **Sort By** controls.
1. To view a stacks details select the name of the stack.
1. To view a specific stack update, navigate to **Activity** and select it from the list.

### Stack Detailed View

> 1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.

Author: ```suggestion
To view a stack's details:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
```

1. Navigate to **Activity**.

> 1. Review the stack's outputs, configuration values, and tags which is the output from running `pulumi config` and `pulumi stack output` from the CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Review the stack's outputs, configuration values, and tags.
```

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/stack-outputs-and-configuration.png)

You can see other details such as who applied the update and when, as well as counts of added, updated, and unchanged resources. If your stack is integrated with your workflow, such as [GitHub Actions]({{< relref "/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/github-actions" >}}), you also see useful links to data like your Git commit hash, mapped branch, and pull request ID.

#### Custom Stack Tags

![Stack tags](/images/docs/reference/service/stack-tags.png)

> To create a custom tag:

Author: ```suggestion
To create a custom tag:

```

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. Use the **New tag** button

> To modify or delete a custom tag:

Author: ```suggestion
To modify or delete a custom tag:

```

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. To modify a custom tag, use the pencil icon.
1. To delete a custom tag, use the trash can icon.

#### Activity

> To review stack activity:

Author: ```suggestion
To review stack activity:

```

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.

> 1. Navigate to **Activity**

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Activity**.
```

> ## Creating a New Project

Author: ```suggestion
## Creating a Project
```

> To create a new project:

Author: ```suggestion
To create a project:
```

1. Navigate to **Projects**.

> 1. Use the **Create project** button.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **Create project**.
```

1. Select a cloud and a language and use the **Next** button.
1. Optionally, change your project name and project description.

> 1. Use the **Create project** button.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **Create project**.
```

1. Follow the provided CLI command instructions.

## Managing your Stacks

Every Pulumi program is deployed to a [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}). If you have followed the instructions after creating your project, you can view your newly-created stack in the Pulumi Console unless you have [explicitly opted out]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/state" >}}). The Pulumi Console provides safe locking so that your resource state can never get corrupted by a concurrent update.

### Viewing your organization stacks

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/organization-stacks.png)

> To view and organization's stacks:

Author: ```suggestion
To view an organization's stacks:
```

1. Navigate to **Projects**.

> 1. Optionally, adjust the grouping using the **Group By** and **Sort By** controls.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, adjust the grouping by selecting the **Group By** and **Sort By** controls.
```

1. To view a stacks details select the name of the stack.
1. To view a specific stack update, navigate to **Activity** and select it from the list.

### Stack Detailed View

To view a stack's details:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. Navigate to **Activity**.
1. Review the stack's outputs, configuration values, and tags.

![Stack outputs and configuration](/images/docs/reference/service/stack-outputs-and-configuration.png)

You can see other details such as who applied the update and when, as well as counts of added, updated, and unchanged resources. If your stack is integrated with your workflow, such as [GitHub Actions]({{< relref "/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/github-actions" >}}), you also see useful links to data like your Git commit hash, mapped branch, and pull request ID.

#### Custom Stack Tags

![Stack tags](/images/docs/reference/service/stack-tags.png)

To create a custom tag:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.

> 1. Use the **New tag** button

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **New tag**.
```

To modify or delete a custom tag:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. To modify a custom tag, use the pencil icon.
1. To delete a custom tag, use the trash can icon.

#### Activity

To view stack activity:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. Navigate to **Activity**.

> 1. Review insights into the operations that were performed on your stack resources during the update.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Review insights and operations that were performed on your stack resources during the update.
```

#### Resources View

> To review stack activity:

Author: ```suggestion
To review stack activity:

```

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.

> 1. Navigate to **Resources**

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Resources**.
```

#### Resources View

To view a stack's resources:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
1. Navigate to **Resources**.

> 1. Use the **List View**, and **Graph View** buttons to toggle between a list view and a graph view.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **List View** or **Graph View** to toggle between a list view and a graph view.
```

### Deleting a stack

Deleting a stack removes the stack entirely from the Pulumi Service, along with all of its update history.

> 1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.

Author: ```suggestion
To delete a stack:

1. Navigate to **Projects** and then a specific stack.
```
